[12][MIGRATION] l10n_fr_account_invoice_import_factur-x (#254)
OCA/l10n-france: l10n_fr_account_invoice_import_facturx/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

This module implements the France-specific part of the Factur-X standard to import Factur-X invoices. In particular, it extracts the SIRET of the XML of the Factur-X invoices, which is an important information to match the supplier.

Factur-X is the e-invoicing standard for France and Germany. The Factur-X specifications are available on the website of `FNFE-MPE <http://fnfe-mpe.org/factur-x/>`_.

> This module will be installed automatically when the modules *account_invoice_import_factur-x* and *l10n_fr_siret* are installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module will be installed automatically when the modules *account_invoice_import_facturx* and *l10n_fr_siret* are installed.
```
